Clarify Batch and Backup/Restore docs to emphasize immutability #1086 (#1087)
infinispan/infinispan-operator: documentation/asciidoc/stories/assembly_batch_cr.adoc

[role="_abstract"]
{ispn_operator} provides a `Batch` CR that lets you create {brandname} resources in bulk.
`Batch` CR uses the {brandname} command line interface (CLI) in batch mode to carry out sequences of operations.
+

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
```

====

> A `Batch` CR is a one-time event that does not reconcile updates to it's `.spec` fields.
> If the `.spec` needs updating, the execution of the CLI Batch fails or the batch file content changes, then it's necessary for a new `Batch` CR instance to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying a `Batch` CR does not update the `.spec` fields for the CR. 
Batch operations are "one-time" events that modify {brandname} resources.
To update `.spec` fields for the CR, or when a batch operation fails, you must create a new instance of the `Batch` CR.
```
